

To do our studies, we found and selected the following primary and secondary datasets.


Due to the constraints imposed by our datasets, our studies were restricted to areas like: Provincial cases, Demographic data per districts, and Vaccination sites per district, to mention only some.

So, our aim was to answer questions like: How many vaccination sites are available in each district...........What is the current vaccination capacity of the different communities in SA........And things like population density as well as the number of vaccination sites... and of cos vacc effieciency.  

1c47395c-5af1-49e5-be7c-8bf21be04a6c 





The PLP – Power Learn Project

What makes you a good candidate for the PLP scholarship? (150 words) 

I have successfully and efficiently worked with many different people on my undergraduate projects. I have also been a member of teams composed of members from different faculties from mine during different undergraduate competitions. The teams that were successful In some cases, the teams were made up of members from different universities altogether, such as during the 2022 International Students Competition (ISC). This is all to show that I can work well with others, and with the PLP being a continent-wide project, I can see how valuable that will be both socially amongst my fellow project peers and academically. I believe my enthusiasm for all-things-tech on top of all the over demonstrations aligns me well with what PLP is looking for. 

What benefits do you see gaining from the PLP Scholarship? (150 words)

After working some years in the STEM industry and understanding the industry in the real world, I plan to branch out to start my own business. This is with the hope of increasing the number of jobs, amongst other things.
Coming from a less technologically advanced area with its own set of input inequality issues, academically, I hope to contribute to reducing this inequality in areas similar to where I come from. I hope to help bridge the gap between technological exposure and access for young (primary and secondary school level) people from different areas.
Working with many people will help me understand people of different backgrounds from different areas. With the skills I will gain, I will be a step closer to having what the young people will be in need of and having the skills and resources to provide for them.


The future of Africa is in the minds of the youth.” What role do you want to play in the tech community in your country in 5-10 years? What steps are you taking now to achieve this?

Having grown up in a less technologically advanced area myself, though it might be more advanced in the future, it is realistically expected that it still won't be the most advanced in 5-10 years. There will also, unfortunately, be other areas in the country that will be in need of technological advancement in their schools and other areas. This is one of the things I hope to help fight in the future. This is one of the reasons why I am currently pursuing a Bsc(Hon) in Electrical and Information Engineering. This is with the hope of being in the position of being able to design and provide for those I know to be in need from personal experience, providing for the needs I know from personal experience.



